james bond sir robert king ah the man
who retrieved my money excellent job
can't thank you enough so Robert is no
friend I helped him years ago when his
daughter Electra was kidnapped by the
terrorists Renard still all that's in
the past so rather thought the report he
paid for would identify the terrorists
who attacked his new oil pipeline in
Kazakhstan then he discovered it was
actually about the nuclear arsenals in
the former Soviet republics so he turned
it over to me something's not right
about all this King / money
one we're under attack fine sir robert
is your septum atomic to use the manual
override sir here you better take this
t-bone we need someone with your
clearance to activate the manual
override use these keypads to initiate
the lockdown
reports of a fire in the lobby for
seasoning she activated manually the
automatic security
yeah take this been hit with the
detonator so love it barefoot listen to
get to the shootouts of months a
subjective statement you haven't been
waiting outside
just ate